---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/shreck-mesh/v-s-creed/15-dr-nero-s-log/","dg-note-properties":{}}
---

# Dr. Nero's Log

*06/25/2026*

The evening began briskly. Upon waking, I had Dysmas set about acquiring an appropriate outfit for Ms. Teeth. My time was then spent seeing to the needs of my patients, ensuring every room of my abode be ready to receive Guests, and drafting an appropriate menu in the event any of my Guests become hungry.

Doctor's notes:

●      Crankshaft is recovering well and will probably be ready for discharge in a week.
●      Evangeline Gordon is still processing.

  The Coterie began arriving shortly after Dysmas brought in the new outfit for Ms. Teeth. Ms. Cockerham arrived on foot remarkably concurrent with Ms. Teeth. Ms. Conti arrived shortly thereafter with her blackboard, notably unattended by Monica. It became quickly evident as I waited to greet my guests that Ms. Teeth remained upset by the actions of Ms. Conti the prior night. This was communicated primarily between Dysmas, Ms. Cockerham, and myself by contextually significant displays of teeth and drawn back lips.

  Upon being asked, Dysmas informed Ms. Teeth of the traditional customs of my house, and she refrained from entry. This could be presumed an evident threat of violence against Ms. Conti, as she proceeded to call to her from outside.

  What followed was a loud and most ill advised conversation at the gate. Ms. Conti seemed uncharacteristically oblivious, while Ms. Teeth became surprisingly heated. The two of them made several comments I shall not dignify with repetition here. Let it suffice to say that it was not a conversation the Camarilla would appreciate being had in the open.

  I intervened. I insisted they bring their conversation inside, as I could provide a soundproof room, and could not tolerate the danger they presented my neighbors. I will need to have Dysmas find a carpenter for the doorframe.

  It is with no small amount of trepidation that I showed them to my study. I fear Ms. Conti may have been disquieted by Otto. I informed them that, should they break anything in that room, I would kill them, and having impressed upon them the gravity of the matter, I left them to discuss what they would with privacy.

  While they spoke, I entertained Ms. Cockerham. I presented her my apology for the behavior of the Gordons, and assured her of the purity of my intentions having her as a guest. We reached an accord that she would aid my research of blood sorcery as a gift for the privilege of guest right. I will need to provide something equally suitable in exchange.

  When Ms. Conti and Ms. Teeth emerged from my study they seemed to have also reached some kind of understanding, and, furthermore, a secret agreement on the matter of Ms. Genevieve of Clan Tremere. My exclusion from this plan is regrettable but not unanticipated.

  Upon questioning Otto, I discovered they had also clouded his memory of the conversation. While unfortunate, I can only muster respect for their collective foresight.

  The matter that followed was brought up by Ms. Cockerham, herself, and explained her earlier absence; a mortal of some importance to her has recently gone missing, and her last known “post” left Ms. Cockerham with some significant concern for her health. After some discussion, Ms. Teeth retrieved some MDMA from Crankshaft upstairs, and called Monica as a proxy apology for Ms. Conti. Monica seemed to have been spending her night off at the Pearl Bar. Without Monica's aid, it was decided that I should call upon Hester Samezawa for assistance.

  Hester was as punctual and professional as ever. Using Dysmas’ computer, Hester found a “ping” and an “ip address” which, by my understanding, revealed the last known location of Ms. Cockerham’s mortal “streamer” was in the Third Ward. It was decided that we would pursue this lead posthaste and Ms. Genevieve would be handled later. Hester also provided that Isao is doing well.

  Upon arrival, we parked amid several abandoned buildings, but Ms. Teeth recognized several cameras surrounding a particular warehouse. A nearby sign announced “Space City Spaces Coming 2020” on a mostly fallen chain link fence. The “Space City Spaces” warehouse seemed the most likely haven for a Kindred as it was the most thoroughly boarded at the windows and had numerous electrical cables leading into it. It was recommended that we all engage the Blush of Life, while Ms. Teeth employed some complex chimerstry to deceive the cameras. I instructed Dysmas to remain armed and with the vehicles. Ms. Cockerham quickly disengaged the lock on the door of said warehouse and we quietly moved within.

  The building's first floor was empty, save a stairway leading up in the back, and the obvious tangle of power cables leading to the second floor. One might imagine this a sufficiently discreet haven were one impaired.